---
tags:
  - minutes
lastupdated: 2023-11-03
attendees: 
  - aleks
  - colm
  - andy
  - hikmat
  - mate
  - victor
---
# Sysadmin Meeting #1
## Notes 
### Request for funding / Around 3k
-  New server to lessen load on other servers PC for sysadmin use/ administrative duties/Hosting 
### Database VM
- fix database vm on scalper fix mounting issue on the databases vm, needing to fsck so often is annoying 
### Website work
- Clean up netsoc.co repo, possibly archive it and create a new one
- Hikmat creates UI/UX using figma for the new website Using nextjs/tailwind + Vercel for deployment
- Get it up asap, essentially MVP Next meeting individual work shall be given such as footer/events page etc
- Concentrate on getting it to look nice serve as foundation 
- Api work can be done after we have *something* atleast, insert dummy data for now 
- Get SIG logo/brand to be very clear and eyecatching to please our overlords
